- Glycerine
	- Demand by Applications
		- Pharma:
		  collapsed:: true
			- Although the COVID-19 outbreak led to a global slump in demand for most commodities and chemicals, glycerine stayed versatile and played a vital role in the pharmaceutical sector.
			- During the pandemic, hand sanitisers became widely used as it was endorsed as an efficient product to combat the spread of the virus.
			- Due to glycerine's microbial and moisture capabilities, the World Health Organization (WHO) released its ethanol based hand rub formulation containing 1.45 percent glycerine to offer optimal effects.
			- As a result, the COVID-19 pandemic fueled the demand for glycerine in hand sanitiser production.
			- The global healthcare landscape has also been evolving rapidly in recent years, accelerated by the pandemic, causing the general population to spend more on health related needs.
		- Personal Care
		  collapsed:: true
			- Based on application, the global glycerine market demand is segmented as personal care, food & beverages, pharmaceuticals, epichlorohydrin, and others, which consists of chemical intermediates, tobacco and others.
			- There is growing preference for more organic and natural ingredients such as glycerine to be used in the personal care and cosmetics industries.
			- Therefore, global manufacturers such as Unilever, Johnson & Johnson, P&G and others are adopting the use of glycerine in their products.
			- Factors such as increased awareness of products about the benefits of organic products, driven by digital marketing and social media, are adding the growth of glycerine in skincare products.
			- The personal care industry is estimated to contribute the largest glycerine market share of 27 percent in the global market in 2021.
		- Food and Beverage
		  collapsed:: true
			- With changing lifestyles and eating habits worldwide, demand for fast food or convenience foods is also driving the market for glycerine as an additive in the food and beverage industry.
	- Demand by Region
	  collapsed:: true
		- Asia Pacific
			- In Asia Pacific, the prominent market players are China, India and South East Asia.  This region is projected to retain its position as the leading contributor to global demand as end-user industries such as personal care, food and beverage, and chemical are expanding rapidly.  Rising population and disposable income in developing countries are boosting the demand for personal care products.
			- Additionally, a rise in sales of passenger vehicles in Asia Pacific is also expected to increase the consumption of glycerine in automotive applications.
		- Western Europe
			- Western Europe is a key demand centre for glycerine in the world.
			- The region accounts for the second largest share of glycerine demand globally and is forecast to register moderate growth over the forecast period.
			- In this region, glycerine is mainly used in personal and oral care products such as skincare creams, toothpastes and mouthwashes, as well as in pharmaceuticals for use in sanitiser applications and healthcare products.
		- North America
			- North America is expected to account for a significant share of the glycerine market throughout forecast period owing to the expansion of the food and beverage industry in the United States and Canada
		-
	- Supply by Region
		- Glycerine supply is determined by the production of oleochemicals, namely fatty acid methyl esters (FAME), fatty acids, fatty alcohols and soaps.
		- Over the past few years, the growth of the fatty acids and fatty alcohols sector has been steady.  On the other hand, biodiesel has witnessed significant adoption as biodiesel blending mandates have been established by governments all around the globe in order to achieve net-zero targets.  Biodiesel producers are compelled to increase production capacities to meet blending targets, and in turn, glycerine is produced as a by-product.  As a result, glycerine production has increased significantly from over 2.6 million tons in 2015 to over 3.7 million tons in 2021, recording a CAGR of 5.7 during this period.
		- During the early stages of the COVID-19 outbreak, many manufacturing and supply chain facilities in the glycerine industry were forced to halt their production output.  The pandemic adversely impacted the supply of glycerine, but as demand remained versatile in 2020 and 2021, supply eventually caught up to meet the population's needs.
		- Asia Pacific
			-
		- Western Europe
			-
		- South America
	- Asia Pacific Demand
		- https://www.globenewswire.com/en/news-release/2016/06/28/852104/0/en/Glycerol-Market-size-worth-USD-3-04-Billion-by-2022-Global-Market-Insights-Inc.html
		- Asia Pacific, led predominantly by China, India and Japan, is a dominant region that accounts of over 42 percent of global demand.
		- Growth in construction spending, coupled with increasing alkyd demand in machinery and infrastructures are expected to propel product demand.
		- The consumption of glycerine is forecast to grow at an annual growth rate of 1.9 percent over the forecast period to achieve 2.2 million tons in 2040.
	- Asia Pacific Supply
		-