#### Vietnam GDP and Economy
	- The Gross Domestic Product (GDP) in Vietnam was worth 271.16 billion US dollars in 2020, according to official data from the World Bank.
	- In 2020, Vietnam was one of the most resilient economies in Asia Pacific against the disruptions of the COVID-19 pandemic by virtue of its strong foundations since the economic reforms in 1986.  As a result, the country was one of a few countries worldwide to post a GDP growth in 2020 until it was struck by the COVID-19 delta variant in 2021, resulting in a plunge in GDP growth in the third quarter of 2021.  The GDP is estimated to have grown by 2.3 percent in 2021, compared to 2.9 percent recorded in 2020.
	- Vietnam has become one of the world's fastest growing markets in the past decade, promoted by significant foreign direct investments into its manufacturing sector from multinational companies such as Samsung Electronics, which booked 66 billion US dollars of revenue in 2019.  The near term outlook of the economy consists of much uncertainty regarding the extent and duration of COVID-19 and the risks it poses in terms of disrupting manufacturing production and logistics supply chains.   However, in the longer term, Vietnam's strategic position as a low cost manufacturing hub is expected to grow further, driven predominantly by the textile, electronics and automobiles sectors.  As the COVID-19 vaccine program is rolled out in the country, the adverse impacts of the pandemic are likely to recede in 2022, and the economy should be on track to reach 433 billion US dollars by 2025.
#### Vietnam Population
	- Vietnam's population is estimated to be around 97 million people, putting the country in ninth place amongst Asian countries.  The country's population has been increasing by about one percent each year, adding almost one million people per year.  Despite the long years of turbulence contributed by the Vietnam War, the country recorded an annual population growth of two to three percent in the 20th century.  In the long term, it is likely that the population will continue to rise but at an increasingly slower rate.  It is forecasted that the Vietnam population will surpass 100 million by 2022.